# python_madlibs
 
#The most surprising part of implementing the 'random' module is understanding the 'import random' syntax. I've learned that placing the 'import random' syntax at the beginning of the code will have the program execute properly. In addition to that, I created two different functions; one to get user input, and another to return three different scenarios or stories that include user input. 
The greatest obstacle that I faced was properly printing a random story that included user input. The issue was that the program wasn't able to access the variables in function 'get_user_input' because they aren't global variables. With some help, I was able to access the variables outside of the function by listing each of them outside the function and assigning them all to the function so that way the variables withon can be #accessed on a global scale. Then I assigned the variables so that they have the same #values as the variables within the function. To futher explain, whatever value a variable with a specific name is assigned to within a function, a variable with the same name outside the function will take on the same value only when it is assigned the function. 
After downloading GitHub Desktop and signing into my GitHub account via VS Code made merging and making commits easier. I'm able to comprehend which path I'm on and #which path I should or would like to be on using GitHub Desktop. Using GUI such as GitHub Desktop encourages path specifications while making the feature branch and merge workflow less complex. 
After completing this assignment, I'm really confident in comditionals and loops. I'm also more comforatble using functions. 
